README.md, before:

# Three Amigos Recipes

## Description
The 3Amigos love to cook, but don’t always know what to cook. So, we developed an app that will throw our ingredients into the mixing pot and display recipes based on what we enter. You no longer have to go through the hassle of figuring out what to use your carrots for. Simply, throw it in the mixing pot.

## Installation 
N/A

## Usage
On the homepage of Mixing Pot the user will enter an ingredient into the search bar and click add ingredient. Once they have as many ingredients as desired they will click the find a recipe button. However, if they had a misinput or decided they no longer want a specific ingredient, they can remove it by clicking the ‘x’ in the bubble of the item they want to remove. Inside the navbar there are other pages to the application that consist of a random recipe generator, where the user can click a button to generate a random recipe. Once the recipe card appears they will find the dish name, the instructions, how long it takes to cook and a link to the page where the recipe was posted. The user wont find ingredient in the recipe card, so if the user wants to cook it they have to click on the link. A previous recipe page, for when the user has clicked a link to something in the past and can’t quite remember how to make it. Only 5 repices display at a time so once there are more than five a button will appear prompting the user to 'click for more'. There is also a cooking fundamental page with a sidebar that goes over a varity of things to do in a kitchen or while cooking and diet and lifestyle. If they click the logo in the top left of any page the user will find an about page where they can learn a little more about 3Amigos.

## Credits
<ul>
<li><a href="https://rapidapi.com/spoonacular/api/recipe-food-nutrition/"> Spoonacular Rapid API </a> <br/></li>
<li><a href="bulma.io">Bulma CSS</a> <br/></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/CBaldock2">Chris's GitHub Profile</a> <br/></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Sealcakes">Taylor's GitHub Profile</a> <br/></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/RowdyRod72">Jerrod's Github Profile</a> <br/></li>
</ul>

## Link
<a href="https://three-amigos-recipes.github.io/three-amigos-recipes">Mixing Pot</a>

## Screenshots
![a screenshot of the Mixing Pot home page](./Assets/images/Untitled%20video%20-%20Made%20with%20Clipchamp.gif)

Commit message:

Adds User Story to readme

README.md, after:

# Three Amigos Recipes

## User Story
<b>AS A</b> food lover, <b>I WANT</b> to make a foodcenteric app, that allows me to input a list of ingredients and displays recipes, <b>SO THAT</b> I may better utilize the groceries I buy, while also experimenting in the kitchen.

## Description
The 3Amigos love to cook, but don’t always know what to cook. So, we developed an app that will throw our ingredients into the mixing pot and display recipes based on what we enter. You no longer have to go through the hassle of figuring out what to use your carrots for. Simply, throw it in the mixing pot.

## Installation 
N/A

## Usage
On the homepage of Mixing Pot the user will enter an ingredient into the search bar and click add ingredient. Once they have as many ingredients as desired they will click the find a recipe button. However, if they had a misinput or decided they no longer want a specific ingredient, they can remove it by clicking the ‘x’ in the bubble of the item they want to remove. Inside the navbar there are other pages to the application that consist of a random recipe generator, where the user can click a button to generate a random recipe. Once the recipe card appears they will find the dish name, the instructions, how long it takes to cook and a link to the page where the recipe was posted. The user wont find ingredient in the recipe card, so if the user wants to cook it they have to click on the link. A previous recipe page, for when the user has clicked a link to something in the past and can’t quite remember how to make it. Only 5 repices display at a time so once there are more than five a button will appear prompting the user to 'click for more'. There is also a cooking fundamental page with a sidebar that goes over a varity of things to do in a kitchen or while cooking and diet and lifestyle. If they click the logo in the top left of any page the user will find an about page where they can learn a little more about 3Amigos.

## Credits
<ul>
<li><a href="https://rapidapi.com/spoonacular/api/recipe-food-nutrition/"> Spoonacular Rapid API </a> <br/></li>
<li><a href="bulma.io">Bulma CSS</a> <br/></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/CBaldock2">Chris's GitHub Profile</a> <br/></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Sealcakes">Taylor's GitHub Profile</a> <br/></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/RowdyRod72">Jerrod's Github Profile</a> <br/></li>
</ul>

## Link
<a href="https://three-amigos-recipes.github.io/three-amigos-recipes">Mixing Pot</a>

## Screenshots
![a screenshot of the Mixing Pot home page](./Assets/images/Untitled%20video%20-%20Made%20with%20Clipchamp.gif)
